===OrganizationStructure ===
A document marking organizational structure of things that need to be done for OpenChord.org

=Testing=

  Debugging – Play the game!
  Product Testing – Play the game!
  Hardware / PCB Design

    – Sparkfun forums!
    EMI reduction – Waiting on boards back, probably not an issue anymore
    Enclosures - Need to look into places to buy enclosures / shapes of guitar heads..
    Figure out a detachable connection plate? Ribbon cable? Find in DenDen? town...
    SMD board - Not a current priority. Soon to be, possibly. Either send to Jim or Claire, or send to Australia...

=Marketing=

  Videos – Need to work on soon, not immediate though...
  Images – We could use some promotional materials, banner ads and buttons, that sort of thing for web advertising. Ryo is working on this.
  Documentation

=Instructions=
   – First page needs work. Also, make some sort of background so it's not so boring. Maybe in OpenOffice?? Reexport images? Find someone with Illustrator?
  Building Instructions - Figure out a pretty webpage layout and turn the Google Docs version into an actual website that's easy to navigate...
  Website - Still have some organization stuff to do. First, figure out how things should be organized, then work on with Ryo.

=New Functionality=

  Vibralto - Claire is working on this.
  Strumming – Super not a current priority
  Coding

=Wii Work= –
  (the guitar code and the controller communication parts of the code have been separated; the new code hasn’t been tested on an actual Wii, so there’s no real guarantee that it works, at all) - Chatham needs to make a working, compilable, executable package
  Code checking/cleanup/refactoring – Need another set of eyes
  Porting the code to the Arduino – Not a current priority, maybe first to work on after 1.0 release?
  Expanding to the Xbox 360. - Not a current priority